Documentation. In addition to working code you need to provide a convincing argument why your solution is correct. You must document your solution with an ASCII text file. Give a high-level description of your program and then go into detail about all pieces of code that are essential for correctness. The documentation should include everything needed for easy understanding of the solution. In particular we demand that your documentation contains discussion of:

Placement of the sensors:
1. We placed 4 sensors to detect when a train has reached home i.e. to stop the
train and change the direction. 2 sensors for the upperstation and 2 sensor for
the lower station
2. We placed 4 sensors around the crossing the make sure only one train is
allowed to pass the crossing on the upperstation.
3. We placed 3 sensors around the most upper switch. To ensure that only one
train is allowed to go on the single lane and toggle the switches accordingly. Also to set direction on the dual lane.
4. We placed 4 on the dual lane to ensure no collisions and to toggle the
switches accordingly.
5. We placed 1 sensor between the two lower swiches to set the dual lane
direction, make only 1 train can be on the single lan and to decide to go the
shortest or longest part.
6. We placed 2 sensors at lowest switch to make only one train can traverse the
single lane and toggle the switch accordingly.

Choice of critical sections
1. homeUpper1 - start point for the upper train the whole way until the most
upper switch
2. homeUpper2 - the whole lane from the most upper switch to the other home or
the shortest path.
3. crossing - the crossing between homeUpper1 and homeUpper2
4. mid - single lane between the most upper switch and the second most upper
switch
5. dualLane - semaphore to set direction on the dual lane i.e. the train the
gets the semaphore gets the shortest path and the other train has to take the
longer path.
6. mergeLow - single lane between the lowest switch and second lowest switch
7. homeLower - indicate shortest path at the lower station

Maximum train speed and the reason for it
We say 15 because we have tested up to 15 it seem to work up 20 but higher would
not work considering the placement of the sensors. 
The maximum speed for the trains is dependent on the distances between sensors
and switches. This is because when a train is ordered to stop
(or, equivalently, the tsi.setSpeed(...) is called with speed argument zero)
there is an inherent displacement from the moment
tsi.setSpeed(trainId,0) is called to when the train has actually stopped.
If the train speed is too high, it might stop on the switch, and later
when the same switch is called to switch direction, tsim won't be able
to. This will lead to either train collision or eventual deadlock,
depending on the particular situation (which switch, which part 
of the track, etc.).


How you tested your solution
We wrote a shell script to test all combinations between 10-15 and executed it
for 10 minutes each and then parsed the output logs for "errors". Note that the
tests will not find the deadlocks.



